hello this is pressed talker in this
video I'm going to present a puzzler
about dividing a shape into four equal
parts I've drawn a trapezoid and the
problem is can you divide the shape into
four equal parts and equal shapes there
are no dimensions given because the
figure is drawn to scale so you can
trace over the figure or you can take a
screen capture and print it out we need
to divide this shape into four equal
parts and four equal shapes
give it a try I'm going to be posting
the solution next Monday
so leave a comment if you got the
solution please subscribe to my channel
you can support me on patreon catch me
on my blog bind your decisions on
Twitter at pressure Walker and you can
get my books listed on my website